THE FOLLOWING CONTAINS
DEPICTIONS OF SELF-HARM,
WHICH MAY BE DISTURBING FOR SOME VIEWERS.
MARCH 12, 2005
DO HYE-RYUNG
You're wondering what the bitch is up to?
The rules are simple.
You write down your saju and make a wish,
and it comes true.
You have no idea.
I'll make the wish
just the way you wanted.
My wish is…
for all of you to die.
I truly want every single one of you dead.
That's my true wish.
MARCH 12, 2005
DO HYE-RYUNG
IF WISHES COULD KILL
THURSDAY, JUNE 12
AUNT JI-SUN
EMERGENCY AT THE HOSPITAL
LEAVING MY CARD FOR YOU
YOU SLEEPING?
READ JUST NOW
I'M UPPP
I GUESS YOU'RE STILL SLEEPING…
I'LL HEAD OUT WITHOUT YOU TODAY…
NO! I'M HEADING OUT NOW!
Hey.
You're not supposed to run in the halls.
You'll wake the neighbors.
I'm sorry. I should really
get up earlier one of these days.
Hm.
Did you
just… hm?
What? I'm sorry.
I won't do it again.
No! I liked it very much.
I liked it so much
I'd love it if you did it again. One more?
One more time.
One more time. One more…
Good morning, Mr. Kim.
TODAY'S FORTUNE
And love?
"Speak your true feelings."
Oh!
You can drop me off here.
What? No. No, wait. It's too dangerous!
Oh.
Na-ri?
Na-ri.
You ready?
Geon-woo, what are you doing after school?
-Yo, secret attack!
-Jesus, you scared me!
-You shit.
-My bad. Sorry.
Ugh. Idiot.
What's wrong?
I'm only saying this because I've known
both of you since middle school.
Why are you always together now?
You dating?
Yeah, sure. You're being crazy.
Yeah.
We both live
in the same apartment building, loser.
Why would we get to school separately?
No, no, no.
Se-ah usually gets to class early.
You always slide in at the last minute.
But these days,
you guys are both on time together.
I smell a rat. It's fishy.
Right, Na-ri?
Yeah.
I say this because I've known you
since elementary school.
What did you eat
to make your breath so gross?
Checkmate.
Why this extreme reaction?
So, yeah, my guess is
you also have a crush
on Geon-woo, don't ya?
-Yeah.
-No.
Oh!
I'm in love with Geon-woo.
Why don't we just put it out in the open?
Oh! Now I turn the game on you.
Wanna play?
Let's go.
I love you, too, Na-ri.
Say that again
and I'll make sure you fucking die.
Fuck. What a shitty
start to the day. Seriously.
Poor baby.
Stop talking. Stop making
things awkward all the time, you otaku.
You're a menace. I'll take care of him.
Honestly, not so rough!
My neck is my best attribute.
SEORIN MIDDLE & HIGH SCHOOL
If you end up using the A ones,
just make sure they're labeled correctly.
Yo, Ha-joon.
I almost got killed by Geon-woo today.
-In a headlock?
-Whoa!
You are the smartest kid
in the class. Hold on.
This won't turn on. Keeps crashing.
I'm really busy right now.
How about you fix it
as a present for my birthday?
I told you. I can't.
My old PIN is the new one. Thank you.
-You wanna hear something cray-cray?
-No.
Se-ah and…
What about Se-ah?
Se-ah and Geon-woo are--
Hello, all. Good morning!
-Good morning, Teacher.
-We'll talk later.
My beloved students,
Class 2-4 are ready for the future.
In your last mock exam, our class took
first place in math in the whole city.
Oh!
There were only four students
who got perfect scores,
and two of them are here.
What?
I'm sure you all know one of them.
Ha-joon. Way to go!
And the other perfect scorer is…
Hm.
-Hyeong-wook.
-What?
Give him a hand.
Hyeong-wook?
I know. I was surprised too.
It's hard to believe,
but he also needs your applause.
Amazing job, you two!
-He cheated.
-This is a joke.
-Should be an investigation.
-Investigation?
Yes!
Do that on your own time.
Oh, yes, I almost forgot.
Any of you applying
for the youth club activity?
The forms are here.
No? Anyone going to university?
GIRIGO:
YOUR WISH HAS BEEN GRANTED.
Hyeong-wook, just tell us
if you cheated on the test.
We'll forgive you. Okay?
Tell us, Ha-joon.
Did you feed him the answers?
There's no way. We even switched seats.
What are you gonna do
when the police show up to school?
The police will never know the truth.
All this is so boring.
What are we doing here?
Just tell us.
You guys want to know the real truth?
I know something you all don't.
It's Girigo.
What? Girigo?
That's right. It's an app
that grants you wishes.
I'm already tired of listening to this.
Let's stay in the real world, okay? I've
tried to understand you, like a friend.
And I'm totally on board with that.
But this is a little too much.
This is going way too far.
No. This isn't fake. It's real.
There really is an app, uh,
that can grant you wishes.
-I can't find it.
-I mean, why would you even look it up?
Wow. You just made a whole situation
all about you. Again.
You can't search it.
You'll never find it with your phone.
Okay, watch this.
I'll send you the link. One time only.
There you go.
GIRIGO:
DO YOU WANT TO INSTALL THIS APP?
Geon-woo?
You're totally gonna get hacked.
You're the only one who cares. Aren't you
all curious how he got a perfect score?
Personally, I think this app
should be tested thoroughly.
Don't you?
GIRIGO
Hello?
Why does it turn on the camera?
That's weird.
Let me see that.
This is the record button.
So, what is it recording?
All your wishes.
Oh, wait. You have to write
your name and your saju on paper first.
Saju?
You mean like the Four Pillars of Destiny?
Sort of. You write your birth date
and your name on a piece of paper,
hold it up to the screen.
hit the button to record,
and you say your wish.
But you have to really mean it.
Like, for real.
When you're done recording your wish,
make sure to hit the send button here.
-That's it.
-Really? That's it?
I can't believe you even managed
to find something like that.
Let's just say I have my ways.
This app made your wish come true?
Compassion begins where judgment ends.
-I guess you want proof?
-Yeah, show us the proof, man.
Exhibit A.
This is my wish video. Watch.
My wish is…
JUNE 14, 2008
CHOI HYEONG-WOOK
…to get a perfect score in math.
Please let me ace the test for a change.
Perfect score.
What is that?
-Perfect score.
-That's so stupid!
Wow.
It makes me question why the hell
I've stayed your friend for so long.
Hey. Where are you guys going? I have more
proof. You haven't seen all of it yet.
Listen to me.
I understand that you're under
a lot of stress because of your grades.
I get that.
But just cut it out.
Stop being weird all the time. Hm?
Exhibit A, point two.
The message I got
when my wish was granted…
Whoa.
What's this?
Oh!
It's a countdown.
-Hey, move!
-Slow down!
Just a little more.
Oh, starving yourself again?
I've gained back everything I've lost.
Sounds extreme
just for Hyeong-wook's birthday party.
Are you dumb? He's not a baby. Why would
he even have a stupid party anyway?
Come on. He's kindhearted.
Ugh. Kindhearted.
You know, calling him kindhearted
only worked back in middle school.
He's embarrassing, smelly, and boring.
Okay. What did he do to deserve that?
Were you not there when we watched
his stupid video earlier? We all saw.
It was ridiculous already
to make a wish on some weird app.
A perfect score in math?
Jesus.
What a pathetic wish for a pathetic nerd.
He even picked a wish
that suits him perfectly.
His family's been really sensitive
about his grades.
Maybe he was trying
to make them proud of him.
Boo-hoo! You think that loser
ever thinks about anyone but himself?
By the way, I wonder
what Geon-woo will wear this weekend.
Can you ask him for me?
Why should I?
Oh, that's right. You shouldn't.
Did you get Hyeong-wook
a birthday present?
Ugh, no. I don't know.
It stresses me out.
I really don't get why Geon-woo
puts up with Hyeong-wook's otaku geek crap
all the time.
He pulls that shit on me now
because Geon-woo is there.
If I were you, I'd stop putting up
with Hyeong-wook's silly behavior too.
-He'll only bring you down.
-That's harsh, Na-ri.
Just his face makes me so pissed off.
When is enough, enough?
We've all grown up,
but he stays dull and immature.
-Wouldn't be shocked if he wore diapers--
-Enough!
Why'd you guys stop all of a sudden?
Are you talking about girl stuff?
Uh, it's, uh…
Were you spying on my conversation?
Actually, we're…
talking about your present, you big goof.
It's supposed to be a surprise.
It'd be ruined if you found out now.
I knew my ears were burning.
When you arrived, you got really quiet.
No presents necessary. Just yourselves.
Asking for a gift is so out of fashion.
Nuh-uh, a little present with a big bow,
all wrapped up in your favorite colors.
Yes, my lady.
As you wish.
You're gonna be late
for training. Let's go.
Oh, you mustn't be late. Without delay.
Make haste.
Honestly, don't worry about the gifts.
Having you there is present enough.
Now, for any two real numbers,
x1 and x2 in some interval
of the function f(x),
if x1 is less than x2
and f(x1) is greater than
or equal to f(x2),
then f is a decreasing function.
So, what would the opposite be
in an increasing function?
Come on, guys, this one's easy. We just…
We're going to have a guest.
Huh? We're having a guest?
A good one?
Or a bad one?
Haetsal?
What's wrong?
You're scaring me now.
-Should I get my knife?
-I don't know.
I can't see
what kind of guest we're dealing with.
Keep your head up!
Keep it up! Keep it up!
Up and out!
Geon-woo. Get ready.
Come on!
Hit the board.
Focus up.
Whoa! Oh!
He practically flies off the mat,
but always bails at the sandpit.
Three.
Hey, Geon-woo. Come here.
Wasn't it the same foul
that got you disqualified last year?
-I think so, yeah.
-You know exactly.
You haven't even made one single proper
jump in competition this year either.
You have to get out of your head
and control your nerves.
Focus, and get in the game, okay?
Try it again.
Get back on the starting line.
Just do it like you're practicing.
Yeah, that's easy for you to say.
-One.
-Okay.
Before you run, say this little mantra,
and empty your mind completely.
"The entire world is this moment."
"Only this remains."
Say it, and believe it.
As soon as you're ready,
release like an arrow, and you jump.
Is that what you do every time you jump?
Not exactly.
I just go for it.
ASBESTOS REMOVAL IN PROGRESS
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
Are you on any medication?
Like painkillers or cold pills?
Absolutely not!
What are you accusing me of?
Hormone shots? Birth control?
-Coach, I swear, I would never--
-The national reserve team called.
What?
Why the whole interrogation
before letting me know?!
Here on in, you're on special training.
After school and also weekends.
We need to sharpen your skills
as much as possible.
And please don't embarrass me.
I'll do my very best!
Oh, Coach, thank you!
No. No, don't do that!
Keep your hands to yourself!
I don't like being hugged!
What are you gonna do when your weekends
are full and can't date anymore?
You can bring Geon-woo
to train with you if you want.
Before he loses his mind.
I'm sorry, Coach.
Uh, we thought no one knew.
How could I not know?
It's so obvious.
SE-AH
Hey, Se-ah.
You there?
Are you there?
SE-AH
What's going on?
Oh my God.
Hey, are you guys really going
to that pathetic loser's birthday party?
I don't know. Fuck.
I'm sick of taking care of him at school.
Now I have to take care of him
on the weekend too?
That dumbass is so annoying.
"Your presence is my present"?
What the fuck is that?
I totally freaked out when he saw us.
It was embarrassing.
Like, read the room, dude.
I just wish he would stop
following us around all the time.
-I know, right? I hate him.
-Hey!
-Shh!
-Shut up!
Does he know?
SE-AH
CALLING
HYEONG-WOOK
-The person you are trying--
-Oh shit.
Geon-woo, I have some great news.
Uh…
Hey, my good friend.
Guess who made the nationals?
Uh…
Yo, Hyeong-wook!
Did he get in trouble again?
Did you see him
during evening study? It was weird.
Hey, why did you finish so late?
We've been waiting for you.
-I had to go to my locker.
-Chill out. I'm coming!
Everyone's gone now.
That took a while.
I made the national team!
What? The national team?
-Oh! You made it! Yes!
-Shh, shh, shh.
-Oh!
-Quiet.
Mm.
Don't be scared.
No way!
It's the exact opposite.
I'm with you. And I'm so proud
you made the national team.
Wow! Crazy.
National team.
Oh, by the way, Coach knows we're dating.
I don't know how.
What?
-Well, did you tell her?
-No.
I didn't even tell Hyeong-wook,
Na-ri, or Ha-joon.
She just kinda knew it.
What do I do now?
I'm already on her shit list.
Oh, I'm too young to die.
AUNT JI-SUN,
I MADE THE NATIONAL RESERVE TEAM!
Oh?
MISSED CALLS
HYEONG-WOOK (39)
Is there something wrong?
CONGRATULATIONS. ON DUTY, SO I WON'T
BE HOME. ORDER SOMETHING WITH MY CARD.
Alone again.
UP FOR CHICKEN?
-Mmm.
This is so good.
I'm gonna eat the whole thing.
Thanks to you, I eat well.
Thanks to my aunt.
I'll definitely thank her in person
when I see her. Seriously.
Hm. Great.
-Mind if I brag about it to the others?
-Go ahead.
Oh my God.
I didn't tell you. I missed
a bunch of calls from Hyeong-wook today.
From Hyeong-wook? Why?
I don't know.
-I'll call him back.
-Okay.
STOP SULKING AND COME DRINK!
HEY, I'M UNDERAGE. I CAN'T EVEN GET IN
SEND ME YOUR ID PHOTO ON TELEGRAM
Yeah, don't test me
Can't bust me
Queen of the scene
Yo, come watch me
Don't test me
Can't bust me
I made it!
Hey, what took you so long?
This wizardry is next level.
I'm shocked it fooled the QR scanner.
You should sell these and make money.
Nah. Unfortunately, that's not my work,
just so you know.
If it's not yours, who then?
No fucking way!
Hee-jin!
THE REPAIR IS DONE
I'LL SEND YOU THE TRACKING NUMBER
ONCE IT SHIPS TOMORROW
HYEONG-WOOK
It's Girigo.
And the other perfect score
is… Hyeong-wook.
There's no way.
KANG HA-YOUNG
Why is she calling all of a sudden?
Hey, Hyeong-wook. I saw
you called me a bunch. What's going on?
You're the one who called me first.
I did?
Wha… Can you speak up?
I can't hear a word you're saying.
You
said you weren't coming to my birthday.
Oh, I'm so sorry. I can't come.
I found out
I have to train on the weekends now.
What the… He hung up.
The person
you are trying to reach is unavailable.
He sounds upset.
Weird.
How did he even know that?
Yeah, right. I only just found out myself.
I'm just, I don't know,
maybe a little self-absorbed lately.
I forgive you
since you just received bad news.
Wasting weekends on training.
And so, are you going to the party?
Of course I'm going to the party.
He's my best friend.
That's nice. You're very kind.
Are you worried about Na-ri being there?
How dare you?
Absolutely not!
It's cute. You're mad.
Should I ask the coach
to push the training to next week?
Hm.
What are you doing?
Geon-woo?
October 24, 2008.
Name.
There we go.
OCTOBER 24, 2008
KIM GEON-WOO
Okay. Please let Se-ah's training
be canceled this weekend.
Stop. I don't want…
If it granted a perfect score in math,
why shouldn't it cancel training? Huh.
-What are you doing?
-Training is canceled!
Training is canceled.
Training is canceled!
-Training is canceled!
-Please grant my Geon-woo's wish.
-Training canceled. Canceled.
-It's not real, dummy.
-Training canceled.
-Just sit down and finish your chicken.
-We should send this.
-You're such a goof!
SENDING WISH…
Here. Take this one.
-You full?
-Mm-hmm.
One more.
FRIDAY, JUNE 13
SLEEPING IN AGAIN?
JUST 5 MINUTES!
Whoo!
Doors closing.
One more time?
-Not today!
-Agh!
-Did the others already go in?
-I don't know.
Yeah. Over here.
Come on. You don't have any proof.
All right, rise and shine.
Let's get started.
Good morning, teacher.
Let's see who's absent. Uh…
Where's Na-ri? Not here yet?
I don't know, sir. I haven't seen her.
Well, she probably slept in again. Okay.
Uh, did anyone
see or talk to Na-ri last night?
-No, not me.
-Uh, no.
-She's not my friend.
-No one?
Tell her to visit the principal's office
when she gets here.
I heard a phone. Who was that?
Hyeong-wook?
Are you sleeping?
Yo. Hey!
Buddy, he's getting mad. Get up now. Hey.
Hyeong-wook?
Stop fooling around. Get up.
Buddy. Hey. Get up already.
Hyeong-wook!
Hey, calm down!
-What's wrong with you?
-Give him space! Talk to me!
He's in shock! Please, sir!
You! Go get the school nurse.
Hey, wake up. Wake up.
Wake up now! Hyeong-wook! Wake up!
-Are you okay?
-Stay still.
Take it easy.
-What happened?
-Are you okay?
-Take it slow.
-You should sit down.
Hey.
Hey, hey! Hyeong-wook! Put that down. Now.
What are you doing?
-Come on, man.
-You'll hurt yourself.
Give it!
Oh, watch out!
Geon-woo! You okay?
Careful, everyone! Stop this right now!
Hyeong-wook?
Just put it down. Drop it!
What are you doing to yourself?
We should talk about this.
Get away! Get out of here!
Or you'll be fucking sorry!
Hyeong-wook… we're friends.
Die!
I'm a loser.
No, you're not.
Listen. Put it away.
You have to fight it. Just let it go.
-No!
-Stop it.
What are you doing? Stop! Stop! Please!
Stop!
No!
No! No!
-Get inside! Get inside now!
-Oh, Hyeong-wook.